Add AMI in new cluster (#4564)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.2/choose-infrastructure/aws/advanced/new/index.md

    </p>

## Tips and Tricks

> Below are a few ways to customize your setup.   If you prefer to do a basic setup, skip Tips and Tricks and proceed to Create a New AWS Cluster section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are a few ways to customize your setup. If you prefer to do a basic setup, skip Tips and Tricks and proceed to Create a New AWS Cluster section. 
```

    This will create a unique name every time you run it, so use it with forethought.

> 1.  (Optional) To create a cluster using a custom AMI built using [KIB][KIB], first that image must have been built in KIB.  Then perform the export and name the custom AMI. Set the environment variable for the AMI you choose: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  (Optional) To create a cluster using a custom AMI built using [KIB][KIB], first that image must be built in KIB, then perform the export and name the custom AMI, and then set the environment variable for the AMI you choose: 
```

```bash
export AWS_AMI_ID=ami-<ami-id-here>
```

After export, run the following command:

```bash
dkp create cluster aws --cluster-name=${CLUSTER_NAME} \
--ami=${AWS_AMI_ID} \
--dry-run \
--output=yaml \
> ${CLUSTER_NAME}.yaml
```

## Create a new AWS Kubernetes cluster

> 1.  Ensure your AWS credentials are up to date. Use step 1 command to refresh the credentials if you are using Static Credentials, otherwise proceed to Step 2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Ensure your AWS credentials are up to date. If you are using Static Credentials use the following command to refresh the credentials. Otherwise, proceed to Step 2:
```
